What is the successor of entity?	the successor of entity
Who is elected candidate after entity?	elected candidate after entity
What is the serie that entity belongs to?	the serie that entity belongs to
What is the marketing target of entity?	the marketing target of entity
What is the country that entity belongs to?	the country that entity belongs to
What is the background of entity?	the background of entity
What is the city that entity is located in?	the city that entity is located in
What is the alma mater of entity?	the alma mater of entity
What is the type  of entity?	the type  of entity
What is the UTC offset of entity?	the UTC offset of entity
What is the city that entity is in?	the city that entity is in
What is screenshot file of entity?	screenshot file of entity
What is unranked division of entity?	unranked division of entity
What is the family of entity?	the family of entity
What is the opertaion system of entity?	the opertaion system of entity
What is the genre of entity?	the genre of entity
What is minimum elevation of entity?	minimum elevation of entity
What is the network that entity runs on?	the network that entity runs on
What is the top game of entity?	the top game of entity
What is leader title of entity?	leader title of entity
What is located in the northwest of entity?	located in the northwest of entity
Who is the role that entity plays?	the role that entity plays
Who is the appointer of entity?	the appointer of entity
what is the lower House of entity?	the lower House of entity
What is the constellation of entity?	the constellation of entity
What is UTC offset of entity?	UTC offset of entity
What is intercommunality of entity?	intercommunality of entity
What is postal code of entity?	postal code of entity
What is the captial city of entity?	the captial city of entity
Who is the director of entity?	the director of entity
What is the stadium where entity take place?	the stadium where entity take place
What is the home planet of entity?	the home planet of entity
What is the latest versionn of entity?	the latest versionn of entity
What is the album of entity?	the album of entity
What is familiy that entity belongs to?	familiy that entity belongs to
What is the source of entity?	the source of entity
What is unranked classification of entity?	unranked classification of entity
What is the name of entity?	the name of entity
What is the leader party of entity?	the leader party of entity
What is the department of entity?	the department of entity
What is entity an subsid of?	entity an subsid of
What is the landscape of entity?	the landscape of entity
What is the state where entity is in?	the state where entity is in
What is the origin of entity?	the origin of entity
What is the product of entity?	the product of entity
What is the file of entity's icon?	the file of entity's icon
What is the county that entity is located in?	the county that entity is located in
What is the ordo of entity?	the ordo of entity
What is classification of entity?	classification of entity
What is the license of entity?	the license of entity
What is d of entity?	d of entity
What is the single line of entity?	the single line of entity
What is the logo size of entity?	the logo size of entity
What is the display device of entity?	the display device of entity
What is the map of entity?	the map of entity
What is parts type of entity?	parts type of entity
Where is the department of entity?	the department of entity
What is arrondissement of entity?	arrondissement of entity
What is the country where entity originated from?	the country where entity originated from
What is before the entity?	before the entity
What is the sub genre that entity belongs to?	the sub genre that entity belongs to
What is an area that entity serve?	an area that entity serve
What is parent of entity?	parent of entity
What is the term of entity?	the term of entity
What is the unranked ordo of entity?	the unranked ordo of entity
What is entity's citizenship?	entity's citizenship
What is the upper House of entity?	the upper House of entity
What is latd of entity?	latd of entity
what is the subdivision name of entity?	the subdivision name of entity
What is the programming language that entity is written in?	the programming language that entity is written in
What is the allegiance of entity?	the allegiance of entity
What is entity's type of subdivision?	entity's type of subdivision
Who is the developer of entity?	the developer of entity
What is the region that entity belongs to?	the region that entity belongs to
Who is the author of entity?	the author of entity
Who is the leader of entity?	the leader of entity
What Di coordinates displayn of entity?	What Di coordinates displayn of entity
What is v of entity?	v of entity
who is the owner of entity?	the owner of entity
What is the commonness of entity?	the commonness of entity
Who is the successor of entity?	the successor of entity
What is the league of the entity?	the league of the entity
What is image flag of entity?	image flag of entity
What is the country that entity is located in?	the country that entity is located in
Who is the producer of entity?	the producer of entity
What is at the north of entity?	at the north of entity
What al area kmn of entity?	What al area kmn of entity
What is wikt of entity?	wikt of entity
What is cheflieu of entity?	cheflieu of entity
Where is entity's residence?	entity's residence
What is the titlestyle of entity?	the titlestyle of entity
What is the image size of entity?	the image size of entity
What is the date when entity was born?	the date when entity was born
What is the  map captionn of entity?	the  map captionn of entity
What is on the west of entity?	on the west of entity
Where is entity's foundation? 	entity's foundation 
What is the TV channel that entity belongs to?	the TV channel that entity belongs to
Who was a  member of entity in the past?	a member of entity in the past
Where is the headquarters that entity is located?	the headquarters that entity is located
What is the storage of entity?	the storage of entity
Who is the distributor of entity?	the distributor of entity
What is the type of postal code that entity use?	the type of postal code that entity use
What is voy of entity?	voy of entity
What is the  native name of entity?	the  native name of entity
Who is the CEO of entity?	the CEO of entity
What is the district of entity?	the district of entity
Who is the prime minister of entity?	the prime minister of entity
What is q of entity?	q of entity
Who is the writer of entity?	the writer of entity
What is the version of entity?	the version of entity
What is the registry of entity?	the registry of entity
What is on the east of entity?	on the east of entity
Who is designer of entity?	designer of entity
What is population kmn of entity?	population kmn of entity
What is the bitrh place of entity?	the bitrh place of entity
What is the generation of entity?	the generation of entity
What is on the northeast of entity?	on the northeast of entity
What is on the southeast of entity?	on the southeast of entity
What is the sovereignty type of entity?	the sovereignty type of entity
What is on the south of entity?	on the south of entity
What is the location of entity?	the location of entity
What is the manufacturer of entity?	the manufacturer of entity
What is url of entity?	url of entity
What is on the southwest of entity?	on the southwest of entity
Who is the artist of entity?	the artist of entity
What is longew of entity?	longew of entity
What is phylum of entity?	phylum of entity
What is the nationality of entity?	the nationality of entity
What is the sponsor of entity?	the sponsor of entity
What is the CPU of entity?	the CPU of entity
What is the type of the settlement of entity?	the type of the settlement of entity
What is the death place  of entity?	the death place  of entity
What is operator of entity?	operator of entity
What is the timezone of entity?	the timezone of entity
What is the legislature of entity?	the legislature of entity
What is exoplanet of entity?	exoplanet of entity
What ti image captionn of entity?	image captionn of entity
What is the  coordinates regionn of entity?	the  coordinates regionn of entity
What is a short desciption of entity?	a short desciption of entity
What is rég of entity?	rég of entity
What is the platform of entity?	the platform of entity
What is the longitude of entity?	the longitude of entity
What is the regnum of entity?	the regnum of entity
What is youthclub that entity belonged to?	youthclub that entity belonged to
What is the town that entity is located in ?	the town that entity is located in 
What is longd of entity?	longd of entity
What is latns of entity?	latns of entity
What is the company of entity?	the company of entity
What is population date of entity?	population date of entity
What is the club that entity is current in?	the club that entity is current in
What is b of entity?	b of entity
What is the national team that entity plays for before 20 years old?	the national team that entity plays for before 20 years old
Who is the mayor of entity?	the mayor of entity
What is the recording label that made entity?	the recording label that made entity
What is active years of entity?	active years of entity
What is total population of entity?	total population of entity
What is area km of entity?	area km of entity
What is the studio that made entity?	the studio that made entity
What is the predecessor of entity?	the predecessor of entity
What is the website of entity?	the website of entity
What is the borough that entity is in?	the borough that entity is in
What is the image skyline of entity?	the image skyline of entity
What is latm of entity?	latm of entity
What is club of entity?	club of entity
What is compatible product of entity?	compatible product of entity
What is s of entity?	s of entity
what is the format of entity?	the format of entity
What is capital of entity?	capital of entity
What is image shield of entity?	image shield of entity
What is the creatorcode of entity?	the creatorcode of entity
What is timezone of entity?	timezone of entity
What is the released time of entity?	the released time of entity
What ec blank secn of entity?	blank secn of entity
What is entity's draft team?	entity's draft team
Who is the president of entity?	the president of entity
What is entity's caption?	entity's caption
What is the logo of entity?	the logo of entity
Who is the founder of entity?	the founder of entity
What is the place of birth of entity?	the place of birth of entity
Who is the leader before the entity?	the leader before the entity
What is longm of entity?	longm of entity
What is timezone of entity?	timezone of entity
Who is the current band leader of entity?	the current band leader of entity
Who is the predecessor of entity?	the predecessor of entity
What is the maxium elevation of entity?	the maxium elevation of entity
What is entity's industry?	entity's industry
What is the state that entity locates in?	the state that entity locates in
What is the number of employees of entity?	the number of employees of entity
What is suborder of entity?	suborder of entity
What is the online service of entity?	the online service of entity
What is the species of entity?	the species of entity
What is cover of entity?	cover of entity
What is the working state of entity?	the working state of entity
What is the ui of entity?	the ui of entity
What is the publisher of entity?	the publisher of entity
Which music does the entity make?	the music does the entity make
What is the title of entity?	the title of entity
What is the country where entity's basin in?	the country where entity's basin in
What is the branch of the entity?	the branch of the entity
What is a language that entity speaks?	the language that entity speaks
What is rev of entity?	rev of entity
Who is the successor of entity? 	the successor of entity 
What is the location of entity?	the location of entity
What is the latitude of entity?	the latitude of entity
What is the name of entity's leader?	the name of entity's leader
What is the religion of entity?	the religion of entity
What is elevationM of entity?	elevationM of entity
What is the death place of entity?	the death place of entity
What is the postal code of entity?	the postal code of entity
What is n of entity?	n of entity
What is the area that entity is in?	the area that entity is in
What is the image map of entity?	the image map of entity
Who is the actor associated with entity?	the actor associated with entity
What is the country where there is entity?	the country where there is entity
What is date of entity?	date of entity
What is the operating system of entity?	the operating system of entity
What is the canton that entity is located in?	the canton that entity is located in
What is the province that entity belongs to?	the province that entity belongs to
What is the album that entity comes from?	the album that entity comes from
What is the currency that entity uses for revenue?	the currency that entity uses for revenue
What is the captial city of entity?	the captial city of entity
What is the political party that entity belongs to?	the political party that entity belongs to
What is population as of entity?	population as of entity
What is the population of entity?	the population of entity
Who is package manager of entity?	package manager of entity
What is the date birth of entity?	the date birth of entity
What is the county of entity?	the county of entity
What is the homepage of entity?	the homepage of entity
What is the unit pref used in entity?	the unit pref used in entity
