Who is the successor of the entity?	the successor of the entity
What is the largest city of entity?	the largest city of entity
What is the human development index ranking of entty?	the human development index ranking of entity
What is the agricultural output of an entity?	the agricultural output of an entity
What is the human development index year for the entity?	the human development index year for the entity
What is the time zone of the entity?	the time zone of the entity
What is the type of entity?	the type of entity
What are the things related to entity?	 the things related to entity
What is the entity's city?	the entity's city
What is the percentage of water area rate for an entity?	the percentage of water area rate for an entity
Who is the entity's music producer?	the entity's music producer
What is the family of the entity?	the family of the entity
What is the operating system of the entity?	the operating system of the entity
What is the type of entity?	the type of entity
What is the network of the entity?	the network of the entity
What is a serial magazine for an entity?	a serial magazine for an entity
What is the entity of the entity?	the entity of the entity
What is the title of the leader of the entity?	the title of the leader of the entity
What is the largest lake of an entity?	the largest lake of an entity
	
What channel does the entity belong to?	What channel does the entity belong to
What is the time zone of the entity?	the time zone of the entity
What is the name of the entity's main planet?	the name of the entity's main planet
What was the previous single from entity?	 the previous single from entity
What is the population ranking of the entity?	the population ranking of the entity
What is the international abbreviation of an entity?	the international abbreviation of an entity
	
What is the music album to which the entity belongs?	the music album to which the entity belongs
What is the source of the entity?	the source of the entity
What is the publishing platform for the entity?	the publishing platform for the entity
What is the related body of the entity?	the related body of the entity
What is the Council to which an entity belongs?	the Council to which an entity belongs
What is the name of the entity?	the name of the entity
What is the GDP per capita of an entity?	the GDP per capita of an entity
What is the producer of the entity?	the producer of the entity
What is the party of the entity?	the party of the entity
What is the record company website for the entity?	the record company website for the entity
What is the type of entity?	the type of entity
What is the population density data for an entity?	the population density data for an entity
	
What is entity southeast?	entity southeast
What was entity's last album?	entity's last album
What is the category of entity?	the category of entity
What is the use platform of the entity?	the use platform of the entity
What is the west of the entity?	the west of the entity
What is the one-line line used by the entity?	the one-line line used by the entity
What is the largest administrative region name of an entity?	the largest administrative region name of an entity
	
Who was the previous entity?	the previous entity
What encoding is used by the entity?	the encoding which used by the entity
What is the county where the entity is located?	the county where the entity is located
Who is the previous entity?	the previous entity
What is the classification level of the entity?	the classification level of the entity
What is the legal system of an entity?	the legal system of an entity
What is the total population data of the entity?	the total population data of the entity
	
What is the name of the current head of state of the entity?	the name of the current head of state of the entity
What is the publishing company of the entity?	the publishing company of the entity
What is the east of the entity?	the east of the entity
	
What is the entity's publisher?	the entity's publisher
What county is the entity in?	the county that entity in
What is the latitude of the entity?	the latitude of the entity
Where is the state of the entity?	the state of the entity
What is the programming language used by the entity?	the programming language used by the entity
Who is the developer of the entity?	the developer of the entity
What is the task performed by the entity?	the task performed by the entity
Who is the author of the entity?	the author of the entity
Where is the entity's area?	the entity's area
What is the estimated GDP year of the entity?	the estimated GDP year of the entity
What is the type of division of the entity?	the type of division of the entity
What is the next album after entity?	the next album after entity
Who is the president of the entity?	the president of the entity
What is the country name of the entity?	the country name of the entity
What era is the fossil of the entity?	the fossil of the entity
What is the successor of the entity?	the successor of the entity
What is the name of the league in which the entity participates?	the name of the league in which the entity participates
What is the banner image of the entity?	the banner image of the entity
	
What is the northwest of the entity?	the northwest of the entity
What is the human development index level of an entity?	the human development index level of an entity
What is the area footprint of an entity in kilometers?	the area footprint of an entity in kilometers
What is the name of the current head of government of the entity?	the name of the current head of government of the entity
Where is the entity hosted?	the entity hosted
What is the national constitution of an entity?	the national constitution of an entity
What is the use platform of the entity?	the use platform of the entity
	
What is the official text of the entity?	the official text of the entity
What is the TV station that broadcasts the entity?	the TV station that broadcasts the entity
What is the title of the head of state of the entity?	the title of the head of state of the entity
What is the next award for entity?	the next award for entity
Who is the entity's distributor?	the entity's distributor
What is the zip code of the entity?	the zip code of the entity
	
	
What is the longest river of an entity?	the longest river of an entity
What is the language of the entity's country?	the language of the entity's country
What is the division of the entity?	the division of the entity
What is the political system of the entity?	the political system of the entity
What is the platformOfOrigin of an entity?	the platformOfOrigin of an entity
Where is the highest point of the entity?	the highest point of the entity
What is the state power of the entity?	the state power of the entity
What is the occupation of the entity?	the occupation of the entity
What is the population density per square kilometer of an entity?	the population density per square kilometer of an entity
What is the gross domestic product purchasing power parity data of an entity?	the gross domestic product purchasing power parity data of an entity
What is the ethnicity of the entity?	the ethnicity of the entity
What is the next single from entity?	the next single from entity
What is the national emblem file name of the entity?	the national emblem file name of the entity
What is the operating system applicable to the entity?	the operating system applicable to the entity
What is the land area data of an entity?	the land area data of an entity
	
Who is the manufacturer of the entity?	the manufacturer of the entity
What is the entity development team?	the entity development team
	
What is the north of the entity?	the north of the entity
What is the image width of the entity?	the image width of the entity
What is the political system of the entity?	the political system of the entity
Who is the artist of the entity?	the artist of the entity
What is the longitude of the entity?	the longitude of the entity
what is the phylum that entity belongs to	the phylum that entity belongs to
What is the average per capita GDP purchasing power of an entity?	the average per capita GDP purchasing power of an entity
What is the type of residence of the entity?	the type of residence of the entity
What is the second other title of the head of the entity?	the second other title of the head of the entity
What is an exoplanet of an entity?	the exoplanet of an entity
What is the picture description of the entity?	the picture description of the entity
What is the demographic date of the entity?	the demographic date of the entity
What platform is the entity issuing?	the platform which the entity issuing
What is the longitude of the entity?	the longitude of the entity
What is the boundary of the entity in the taxonomy level?	the boundary of the entity in the taxonomy level
What is the degree of longitude of the entity?	the degree of longitude of the entity
What is the north-south latitude of the entity's latitude?	the north-south latitude of the entity's latitude
What is the main religion of the entity?	the main religion of the entity
What is the state structure of an entity?	the state structure of an entity
What is the entity company?	the entity company
What is the population density ranking of the entity?	the population density ranking of the entity
What is the label of the entity?	the label of the entity
What is the currency unit of an entity?	the currency unit of an entity
What is the total population of the entity?	the total population of the entity
What is the entity's organization?	the entity's organization
Where is the central government of the entity?	the central government of the entity
What is the central bank of an entity?	the central bank of an entity
Who is the successor of the entity?	the successor of the entity
What is the entity's studio?	the entity's studio
What is the date of establishment of an entity?	the date of establishment of an entity
What is the entity's website?	the entity's website
What does the entity belong to?	the type that entity belong to
What is the amount of sunshine in January for an entity?	the amount of sunshine in January for an entity
What is the entity's brokerage company?	the entity's brokerage company
What is the score of the entity's dimension?	the score of the entity's dimension
What is the picture of the entity's skyline?	the picture of the entity's skyline
What is the area ranking of the entity?	the area ranking of the entity
What is the entity company type?	the entity company type
What is the width of the entity's country location image?	the width of the entity's country location image
What is the first other title of the head of the entity?	the first other title of the head of the entity
What is the color of the entity?	the color of the entity
What is the south of the entity?	the south of the entity
What is the image size of the entity?	the image size of the entity
What is the format of the entity?	the format of the entity
What is the official language of the entity?	the official language of the entity
What is the capital of the entity?	the capital of the entity
What is the daylight saving time of the entity?	the daylight saving time of the entity
What is the amount of sunshine for the entity in November?	the amount of sunshine for the entity in November
What is the location of the entity?	the location of the entity
What is the engine of the entity?	the engine of the entity
Who is the president of the entity?	the president of the entity
What is the country location image file name of the entity?	the country location image file name of the entity
What is the second political system of an entity?	the second political system of an entity
What is the description of the entity?	the description of the entity
What is the longitude of the entity?	the longitude of the entity
What is the time zone of the entity?	the time zone of the entity
Who is the predecessor of the entity?	the predecessor of the entity
What is the entity's industry?	the entity's industry
What is the platform of the entity?	the platform of the entity
What is the international area code of the entity?	the international area code of the entity
What is the UI of the entity?	the UI of the entity
What is the issuer of the entity?	the issuer of the entity
What is the GDP data of the entity?	the GDP data of the entity
What is the title of the entity?	the title of the entity
What is the first evaluation criterion for an entity?	the first evaluation criterion for an entity
What is the chronology of an entity?	the chronology of an entity
What is the population ranking of the entity?	the population ranking of the entity
What is the capital name of the entity?	the capital name of the entity
What is the estimated year of gross domestic product purchasing power parity for the entity?	the estimated year of gross domestic product purchasing power parity for the entity
What's in front of the entity?	the in front of the entity
Where is the entity?	the address of entity
What is the latitude of the entity?	the latitude of the entity
What is the name of the leader of the entity?	the name of the leader of the entity
What is the zip code of the entity?	the zip code of the entity
What is the area of the entity?	the area of the entity
What is the image mapping of the entity?	the image mapping of the entity
What is the aircraft type of the entity?	the aircraft type of the entity
What is the amount of sunshine for the entity in July?	the amount of sunshine for the entity in July
What is the country top-level domain of the entity?	the country top-level domain of the entity
What is the country of the entity?	the country of the entity
What is the operating system of the entity?	the operating system of the entity
What is the county where the entity is located?	the county where the entity is located
What is the album the entity belongs to?	the album the entity belongs to
What is the flag file name of the entity?	the flag file name of the entity
Who is the animation of the entity?	the animation of the entity
What is the population of the entity to a certain year?	the population of the entity to a certain year
What is the population of entity?	the population of entity
What is the amount of sunshine for the entity in February?	the amount of sunshine for the entity in February
What is the state power of the entity?	the state power of the entity
What is the calendar used by the entity?	the calendar used by the entity
What is the second-level name of an entity?	the second-level name of an entity
What is the title of the head of government of the entity?	the title of the head of government of the entity
What is the human development index of an entity?	the human development index of an entity